[Dashboard] Add datasource param for grafana dashboard (#36301)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/configure-manage-dashboard.md

1. The head node of the cluster is able to access Prometheus and Grafana
2. The browser of the dashboard user is able to access Grafana. 

Configure these settings using the `RAY_GRAFANA_HOST`, `RAY_PROMETHEUS_HOST`, `RAY_PROMETHEUS_NAME`, and `RAY_GRAFANA_IFRAME_HOST` environment variables when you start the Ray Clusters.

* Set `RAY_GRAFANA_HOST` to an address that the head node can use to access Grafana. Head node does health checks on Grafana on the backend.
* Set `RAY_PROMETHEUS_HOST` to an address the head node can use to access Prometheus.

> * Set `RAY_PROMETHEUS_NAME` is used when you select the data source in Grafana's dashboard panles. Default is Prometheus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set `RAY_PROMETHEUS_NAME` is used when you select the a different data source to use for the Grafana dashboard panels . Default is "Prometheus".
```

* Set `RAY_GRAFANA_IFRAME_HOST` to an address that the user's browsers can use to access Grafana and embed visualizations. If `RAY_GRAFANA_IFRAME_HOST` not set, Ray Dashboard uses the value of `RAY_GRAFANA_HOST`.

For example, if the IP of the head node is 55.66.77.88 and Grafana is hosted on port 3000. Set the value to `RAY_GRAFANA_HOST=55.66.77.88:3000`.

If all the environment variables are set properly, you should see time-series metrics in {ref}`Ray Dashboard <observability-getting-started>`.

:::{note}

> If your each ray cluster with one prometheus and share the Grafana, you should set the `RAY_PROMETHEUS_NAME` environment variable to different value and add these datasource in Grafana. Follow {ref}`the instructions <grafana>` to set up Grafana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your each ray cluster with one prometheus and share the Grafana, you should set the `RAY_PROMETHEUS_NAME` environment variable to different value and add these datasource in Grafana. Follow {ref}`these instructions <grafana>` to set up Grafana.
```

> If your each ray cluster with one prometheus and share the Grafana, you should set the `RAY_PROMETHEUS_NAME` environment variable to different value and add these datasource in Grafana. Follow {ref}`these instructions <grafana>` to set up Grafana.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you set one Prometheus server for one Ray Cluster and use one central Grafana server for all Clusters, you should set the `RAY_PROMETHEUS_NAME` environment variable to different values for each Ray Cluster and add these datasource in Grafana. Follow {ref}`these instructions <grafana>` to set up Grafana.
```

Here is my suggestion. @angelinalg WDYT?

Author: @alanwguo @angelinalg WDYT?

Reviewer 3: Not sure if should be "these datasources" or "the datasource". Whichever it is, just have the two words agree.

Author: I prefer to use "these datasources".
